feat: Scaffolder add enforce admin as input to Github config (#12663)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/late-poets-protect.md

---

> '@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend': minor
```

---

> Add enforceAdmins as scaffolder input to branch protection github config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `protectEnforceAdmins` as an option to GitHub publish actions
```
